so stopped the red signal
traffic light
no one fits that makes and cruel
simple can
what is the registration for what you will
just the same and spring side business
what says go all right
on
Hello
where to go
And what kind of registration?
I am a minister
you can serve with girls
will not pass register for them
pupils and why did I interrupt you
Now I have not read for what q & a
registration well, and these children write
carry here log network
register and I do not want to but your late
what to take registration me witness
eyes on the tan do not shine what
registrar registration
what registration and why me why he
already
Kovalev 2 included that
inspector i'm this half log
cars passes and even not there
write inspector let's not
swear
oh let me press down
give all show
for what resource send show how
where should i hang
know gave you a general just say
I want to scream, I will be so general
the blue prosecutor know what he said
that you can equip yourself transport
restaurant registrars
minister you know what said what
spectrum of traffic police must show
how it should bite send show
show send i don't you show i
set as expected you know how
i could leave
let's handle the documents
charge two why should i post you
hell let Nukus
month
title principle clone with five no here
this kind of inadequate inspector he
just came up yes they asked tactfully
a couple of questions
understand that with documents all the order
the driver is officially all right well
every day I go to them even see him
I got it already I ask you not to come across
temple and the world nothing was nothing
Here and talk without camera on my
and finally also say but some
inadequate honestly I explain to him how
head wall
we have a contract with it does not work therefore
it is visual to me then I stopped there
time and both stopped before a traffic light
suitable intern saw promoted intern
I tell him what happened on
register go with what I do you
I will not explain anything
Because of this, such a conflict and so I
I say them and I would not like you somehow
say what you need to Stobo range
approximately through Kovalev only which
will be happy committed
following